Feat(Docs): Add documentation for auth with secret directive (#6972)
dgraph-io/dgraph: wiki/content/graphql/authorization/directive.md

    parent = "authorization"
+++

> Given an authentication mechanism and signed JWT, it's the `@auth` directive that tells Dgraph how to apply authorization.  The directive can be used on any type except `union` (that isn't a `@remote` type) and specifies the authorization for `query` as well as the `add`, `update` and `delete` mutations. Additionally, this directive can also be used with [`@secret`](/graphql/schema/types.md#password-type) directive. A `password` auth rule can be specified which is then used for authorization of `check<Type>Password` query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given an authentication mechanism and a signed JSON Web Token (JWT), it's the `@auth` directive that tells Dgraph how to apply authorization.  The directive can be used on any type except `union` (that isn't a `@remote` type) and specifies the authorization for `query` as well as the `add`, `update`, and `delete` mutations. Additionally, this directive can also be used with the [`@secret`](/graphql/schema/types.md#password-type) directive. If you specify a `password` auth rule, Dgraph will use it to authorize the `check<Type>Password` query.
```
